fix: [OCA: 1382] correct docs urls (#10569)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-10569-fixed-1718134339100.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> correct doc urls ([#10569](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10569))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marketplace docs urls for Apache Kafka Cluster and Couchbase Cluster ([#10569](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10569))
```
